---
title: Overview
---

## Linked In

Overview

Providing TTA services since 2009, the Prospectus Group is at the innovation
forefront merging cutting-edge technology and project management with prevention
science. Steeped in the belief that public health can be vastly improved when
prevention providers and other professionals in the field have access to the
most up-to-date-research and information, we place knowledge above all else.

Pioneering a web-based Workforce Development System, our platform has been
optimized for desktop, laptop, tablet, and mobile devices. Developed for
efficiency and ease-of-use, system components include:

✔ A Resource Library comprised of strategic literature reviews, models,
webinars, templates, and other tools produced by our Applied Research Division,
as well as sourced from Subject Matter Experts in the field.

✔ Training Center for access to upcoming local and national continuing education
opportunities.

✔ System Calendar for upcoming meetings and events.

✔ Community Forum for networking and collaboration with the prevention
professionals within your system.

✔ ECCO for requesting TA from our team at Prospectus Group as well as
state-level managers and evaluators, and for tracking reporting in real time.

ECCO allows us to track implementation, gather data, and streamline the
implementation process through the use of a research-based template that
encourages fidelity by design. Proactive monthly reviews known as Just-in-Time
TA can preempt serious delays or variances from established goals.

Travis Fretwell shared, “One thing we know for sure is that in terms of
technology, prevention will need to catch up with our aligned fields. …ECCO is
helping us get there!” Bridging the gap between prevention science and
prevention technology, how may we be of service to you? Reach out via
info@progroup.us or call us at 415.516.1332 and let’s talk!

## Website

The Prospectus Group is comprised of two centers. Center for the Research to
Practice and the Center for Applied Systems. Both centers work collaboratively
with clients.

The Prospectus Group Center for Research to Practice provides public health
focused research to practice tools such as literature reviews, state of the
field reports, intervention / strategy reviews, training, and technical
assistance all to support positive outcomes and build capacity with research.

The Prospectus Group Center for Applied Systems develops user-focused, public
health web-applications that reduce user burden and increase reporting
capabilities.

We are a fee for service company.
