---
title: Every Mother's Advocate Ministries
bio:
  Charlee earned her B.S. degree in Psychology from Liberty University in 2013.
  At 17 years old, she developed an undeniable passion to see vulnerable mothers
  empowered through sustainability. Charlee is married to her husband Matt and
  together have two sons, Jacob and Levi. Charlee has extensive experience
  working in the nonprofit world of foster care, maternity care, single mother
  ministries, and crisis pregnancy centers both globally and locally. She is
  100% committed to seeing every mother advocated for and foster care prevented
  in the South Florida community.
---

## The Foster Care Crisis

Every year in South Florida, 2,400 children are removed from their homes and
placed in foster care. The foster care issue is rising and in order to
effectively combat the crisis, it is imperative to go upstream with sustainable
solutions focusing on root causes. 80-84% of children are being removed from a
single mother due to unmet basic needs and poverty-related issues. Single
mothers are most susceptible to loosing their children into the foster care
system due to present risk factors related to living in poverty. It is true that
some children need a loving foster home that can care for them in a way that
their bio parent couldn’t, but it is also true that most children just need
someone to advocate for their mom and help her get a well-paying job.

## Mission + Vision

Ēma exists to reduce the number of children in foster care through prevention
and mother advocacy while increasing family wellness and economic mobility. We
imagine a world where mothers are given equal opportunity to break generational
cycles of poverty and a world that is responsive to her needs.

## Meet the Team

### Charlee Tchividjian-Sherry

!['Charlee Tchividjian-Sherry'](/img/people/charlee.jpg)

Founder & Executive Director

Charlee earned her B.S. degree in Psychology from Liberty University in 2013. At
17 years old, she developed an undeniable passion to see vulnerable mothers
empowered through sustainability. Charlee is married to her husband Matt and
together have two sons, Jacob and Levi. Charlee has extensive experience working
in the nonprofit world of foster care, maternity care, single mother ministries,
and crisis pregnancy centers both globally and locally. She is 100% committed to
seeing every mother advocated for and foster care prevented in the South Florida
community.

### Tatyana McNish

!['Tatyana McNish'](/img/people/tatyana.jpg)

Case Manager & Prevention Specialist

Tatyana earned her B.A degree in International Administration and Public Health
in 2016 and her M.A degree in International Administration in 2017, both from
the University of Miami. She has a passion for women empowerment because “The
empowered woman is powerful beyond measure.” Her passion has grown through her
work with different women’s organizations and by serving as a mentor for young
girls..” Her favorite bible verse is 1 Corinthians 16:13-14 (NIV) “Be on guard;
stand firm in the faith; be courageous; be strong. Do everything in love.”

### Diandra Tubergen

!['Diandra Tubergen'](/img/people/diandra.jpg)

Board Chair

Diandra comes from a rich spiritual legacy of pioneering missionaries. Diandra
has embraced and continued in this way by pursuing vocational ministry to
underserved, vulnerable populations. Diandra’s background of leadership
experience in pastoral and non-profit ministry allows for her to serve as a
strategic and collaborative thinker with a heart of a pastor to serve and direct
our board. Recently graduating with Masters of Spiritual Formation from
Princeton Theological Seminary, Diandra is primarily focusing on the soul care
and spiritual and missional formation of women. Her calling and joy is to come
alongside other women to know more richly the love of Christ and be empowered in
their unique calling to participate in furthering the Kingdom of God. Although a
Fort Lauderdale native, Diandra, her husband Luke and daughter Zoey are based in
Brooklyn, NY.

### Katy Mills

Bio coming soon.

## Our work

### We have a simple goal: to lower the number of children brought into foster care.

The number of children into foster care increases every year. 84% of children
entering into foster due to neglect, unmet basic needs, and poverty related
issues. It is imperative that our culture begins to address this crisis with an
upstream approach at its root. We are a certified organization to facilitate a
trauma-informed, evidence-based curriculums. Life coaching, parental education,
career assistance, job placement, housing assistance, crisis resources, and
Court advocacy are all included within the wrap-around support needed for a
vulnerable mom. We imagine a world where every mother has equal opportunity to
break generational cycles of poverty and where a community is responsive to her
needs. Society views a mother in poverty as the problem in the foster care
crisis, we see her as the solution.

## Advocacy

### Parent Coaching

Ēma teaches through an evidence-based, nationally recognized curriculum,
Nurturing Parenting, which focuses on family strengthening and prevention. This
curriculum is family-centered and trauma informed designed to build nurturing
parenting skills as an alternative to abuse and neglect. Childcare,
transportation, and food is offered at every session.

### Crisis Care

Ēma’s Community Closet is stocked with non-perishable food, clothes, household
items, and baby-child supplies available to mom’s engaged in the Advocacy
program. Ēma works closely with a network of referral services focusing on
affordable housing, educational needs, financial relief resources, and therapy.

### Support

Ēma provides a safe and positive environment with Volunteer Advocates and Case
Mangers who are equipped to effectively advocate for moms throughout their
crisis or Court ordered case plans.

## Donate

### Your generosity is changing lives.

**Every gift is 100% tax–deductible.**

Private donors cover our operating costs. You can give knowing every dollar is
stewarded to reduce the number of children in foster care through prevention and
mother advocacy. Your gift reaches vulnerable mothers and at-risk families,
sooner. This redemptive mission is not possible apart from you. Thank you for
standing in the gap with us as this generation seeks to provide sustainable
solutions to the foster care crisis.

### COVID-19 BENEVOLENT FUND:

**We anticipate our demand for benevolent resources among our mothers to
escalate and invite you to participate in meeting specific financial needs today
and in the coming months.**

We serve mothers of young children who are over-burdened and under-resourced on
a typical day. With public school systems, childcare facilities, and businesses
closing, their financial strain will only rise. If financial burdens are not
alleviated during this crisis, housing, employment, safety, and the security of
the mother’s and children we serve will be put in jeopardy. Alleviating
short-term crisis prevents long-term tragedies. As the Body of Christ, we
believe it is clear in Scripture and our responsibility to _“Bear one another’s
burdens, and so fulfill the law of Christ” (Galatians 6:2)_.

100% of benevolent gifts will be used to alleviate financial burdens such as:

- Electricity/water bill
- Rent/lease
- Gas/buss passes
- Giftcards
- Food
- Diapers/wipes

_If you would like to give to the Benevolent Fund, please specify in your note
section._
