---
title: Model-View-ViewModel
source: Wikipedia
---

MVVMPattern.png

Model–view–viewmodel (MVVM) is a software architectural pattern that facilitates
the separation of the development of the graphical user interface (the view) –
be it via a markup language or GUI code – from the development of the business
logic or back-end logic (the model) so that the view is not dependent on any
specific model platform. The view model of MVVM is a value converter,[1] meaning
the view model is responsible for exposing (converting) the data objects from
the model in such a way that objects are easily managed and presented. In this
respect, the view model is more model than view, and handles most if not all of
the view's display logic.[1] The view model may implement a mediator pattern,
organizing access to the back-end logic around the set of use cases supported by
the view.

MVVM is a variation of Martin Fowler's Presentation Model design pattern.[2][3]
It was invented by Microsoft architects Ken Cooper and Ted Peters specifically
to simplify event-driven programming of user interfaces. The pattern was
incorporated into Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) (Microsoft's .NET
graphics system) and Silverlight (WPF's Internet application derivative).[3]
John Gossman, one of Microsoft's WPF and Silverlight architects, announced MVVM
on his blog in 2005.[3]

Model–view–viewmodel is also referred to as model–view–binder, especially in
implementations not involving the .NET platform. ZK (a web application framework
written in Java) and KnockoutJS (a JavaScript library) use
model–view–binder.[3][4][5]

In computer science, separation of concerns (SoC) is a design principle for
separating a computer program into distinct sections such that each section
addresses a separate concern.

An architectural pattern is a general, reusable solution to a commonly occurring
problem in software architecture within a given context.

Software architecture refers to the fundamental structures of a software system
and the discipline of creating such structures and systems.

In computer science, a concern is a particular set of information that has an
effect on the code of a computer program.

A computer program is a collection of instructions[1] that can be executed by a
computer to perform a specific task.

A computer is a machine that can be instructed to carry out sequences of
arithmetic or logical operations automatically via computer programming.

A machine (or mechanical device) is a mechanical structure that uses power to
apply forces and control movement to perform an intended action.

In mathematics, a sequence is an enumerated collection of objects in which
repetitions are allowed and order matters.

Vue.js (commonly referred to as Vue; pronounced /vjuː/, like "view"[4]) is an
open-source model–view–viewmodel front end JavaScript framework for building
user interfaces and single-page applications.[11] It was created by Evan You,
and is maintained by him and the rest of the active core team members.[12]

Svelte is a free and open-source front end[4] JavaScript framework[5] created by
Rich Harris and maintained by Harris and other Svelte core team members.[6]
Svelte applications do not include framework references. Instead, building a
Svelte application generates code to manipulate the DOM, which may reduce the
size of transferred files as well as give better client startup and run-time
performance. Svelte has its own compiler for converting app code into
client-side JavaScript at build time. It is written in TypeScript.

TypeScript is a superset developed and maintained by Microsoft. It is a strict
syntactical superset of JavaScript and adds optional static typing to the
language. TypeScript is designed for the development of large applications and
transcompiles to JavaScript.[
